release-notes/documentation reminder in the review (#136)
canonical/ubuntu-maintainers-handbook: MergeProposalReview.md

* Lists all files changed
* Proper author and email

### Ensure Documentation/release Notes are updated

* We always did enqueue things that eventually need to be mentioned in the release notes, this check in the MR review is a reminder about that.

> * If the update/merge has implications to that we always updated documentation along changes. Sometimes things get in via a sync or upstream changes, not by us - as we spot these ensure to spawn a proper backlog tracker for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the update/merge has implications that need to be documented we always updated documentation alongside changes. Sometimes things get in via a sync or upstream changes, not by us - as we spot these, make sure to spawn a proper backlog tracker for it.
```
